docs: add pointer for Windows target platform (#462)
brodybits/create-react-native-module: README.md

      - issue [`#95`](https://github.com/brodybits/create-react-native-module/issues/95)
    - It is recommended to disable or remove Flipper in case of debug build issues - see issue [`#422`](https://github.com/brodybits/create-react-native-module/issues/422)
- Out-of-tree target platforms

>   - Windows target platform - not supported directly, please use `react-native-windows-init` according to this procedure: https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/native-modules-setup#creating-a-new-native-module-library-project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Windows target platform - not supported directly, please use `react-native-windows-init` according to this procedure: https://aka.ms/RNW-NativeModuleSetup
```
